---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "b2_bucket Data Source - terraform-provider-b2"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  B2 bucket data source.
---

# b2_bucket (Data Source)

B2 bucket data source.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **bucket_name** (String) The name of the bucket.

### Optional

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

### Read-Only

- **account_id** (String) Account ID that the bucket belongs to.
- **bucket_id** (String) The ID of the bucket.
- **bucket_info** (Map of String) User-defined information to be stored with the bucket.
- **bucket_type** (String) The bucket type. Either 'allPublic', meaning that files in this bucket can be downloaded by anybody, or 'allPrivate'.
- **cors_rules** (List of Object) The initial list of CORS rules for this bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cors_rules))
- **default_server_side_encryption** (List of Object) The default server-side encryption settings of this bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_server_side_encryption))
- **lifecycle_rules** (List of Object) The initial list of lifecycle rules for this bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lifecycle_rules))
- **options** (Set of String) List of bucket options.
- **revision** (Number) Bucket revision.

<a id="nestedatt--cors_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cors_rules`

Read-Only:

- **allowed_headers** (List of String)
- **allowed_operations** (List of String)
- **allowed_origins** (List of String)
- **cors_rule_name** (String)
- **expose_headers** (List of String)
- **max_age_seconds** (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--default_server_side_encryption"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_server_side_encryption`

Read-Only:

- **algorithm** (String)
- **mode** (String)


<a id="nestedatt--lifecycle_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lifecycle_rules`

Read-Only:

- **days_from_hiding_to_deleting** (Number)
- **days_from_uploading_to_hiding** (Number)
- **file_name_prefix** (String)


