---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "b2_application_key Resource - terraform-provider-b2"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  B2 application key resource.
---

# b2_application_key (Resource)

B2 application key resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `capabilities` (Set of String) A set of strings, each one naming a capability the key has. **Modifying this attribute will force creation of a new resource.**
- `key_name` (String) The name of the key. **Modifying this attribute will force creation of a new resource.**

### Optional

- `bucket_id` (String, Deprecated) When present, restricts access to one bucket. Conflicts with `bucket_ids`. **Modifying this attribute will force creation of a new resource.**
- `bucket_ids` (Set of String) When provided, the new key can only access the specified buckets. **Modifying this attribute will force creation of a new resource.**
- `name_prefix` (String) When present, restricts access to files whose names start with the prefix. **Modifying this attribute will force creation of a new resource.**
- `valid_duration_in_seconds` (Number) When provided, the key will expire after the given number of seconds, and will have expirationTimestamp set. Value must be a positive integer, and must be less than 1000 days (in seconds). **Modifying this attribute will force creation of a new resource.**

### Read-Only

- `application_key` (String, Sensitive) The key.
- `application_key_id` (String) The ID of the newly created key.
- `expiration_timestamp` (Number) When present, says when this key will expire, in milliseconds since 1970.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `options` (Set of String) List of application key options.
