---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "b2_bucket Resource - terraform-provider-b2"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  B2 bucket resource.
---

# b2_bucket (Resource)

B2 bucket resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **bucket_name** (String) The name of the bucket.
- **bucket_type** (String) The bucket type. Either 'allPublic', meaning that files in this bucket can be downloaded by anybody, or 'allPrivate'.

### Optional

- **bucket_info** (Map of String) User-defined information to be stored with the bucket.
- **cors_rules** (Block List) The initial list of CORS rules for this bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cors_rules))
- **default_server_side_encryption** (Block List, Max: 1) The default server-side encryption settings for this bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--default_server_side_encryption))
- **file_lock_configuration** (Block List) File lock enabled flag, and default retention settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--file_lock_configuration))
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **lifecycle_rules** (Block List) The initial list of lifecycle rules for this bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--lifecycle_rules))

### Read-Only

- **account_id** (String) Account ID that the bucket belongs to.
- **bucket_id** (String) The ID of the bucket.
- **options** (Set of String) List of bucket options.
- **revision** (Number) Bucket revision.

<a id="nestedblock--cors_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cors_rules`

Required:

- **allowed_operations** (List of String) A list specifying which operations the rule allows.
- **allowed_origins** (List of String) A non-empty list specifying which origins the rule covers.
- **cors_rule_name** (String) A name for humans to recognize the rule in a user interface.
- **max_age_seconds** (Number) This specifies the maximum number of seconds that a browser may cache the response to a preflight request.

Optional:

- **allowed_headers** (List of String) If present, this is a list of headers that are allowed in a pre-flight OPTIONS's request's Access-Control-Request-Headers header value.
- **expose_headers** (List of String) If present, this is a list of headers that may be exposed to an application inside the client.


<a id="nestedblock--default_server_side_encryption"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_server_side_encryption`

Optional:

- **algorithm** (String) Server-side encryption algorithm.
- **mode** (String) Server-side encryption mode. Defaults to `none`.


<a id="nestedblock--file_lock_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `file_lock_configuration`

Optional:

- **default_retention** (Block List, Max: 1) Default retention settings for files uploaded to this bucket (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--file_lock_configuration--default_retention))
- **is_file_lock_enabled** (Boolean) If present, the boolean value specifies whether bucket is File Lock-enabled. Defaults to `false`.

<a id="nestedblock--file_lock_configuration--default_retention"></a>
### Nested Schema for `file_lock_configuration.default_retention`

Required:

- **mode** (String) Default retention mode (compliance|governance|none).

Optional:

- **period** (Block List, Max: 1) How long for to make files immutable (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--file_lock_configuration--default_retention--period))

<a id="nestedblock--file_lock_configuration--default_retention--period"></a>
### Nested Schema for `file_lock_configuration.default_retention.period`

Required:

- **duration** (Number) Duration
- **unit** (String) Unit for duration (days|years)




<a id="nestedblock--lifecycle_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lifecycle_rules`

Required:

- **file_name_prefix** (String) It specifies which files in the bucket it applies to.

Optional:

- **days_from_hiding_to_deleting** (Number) It says how long to keep file versions that are not the current version.
- **days_from_uploading_to_hiding** (Number) It causes files to be hidden automatically after the given number of days.


