---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "b2_bucket_notification_rules Resource - terraform-provider-b2"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  B2 bucket notification rules resource.
---

# b2_bucket_notification_rules (Resource)

B2 bucket notification rules resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bucket_id` (String) The ID of the bucket.
- `notification_rules` (Block List, Min: 1) An array of Event Notification Rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--notification_rules))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--notification_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notification_rules`

Required:

- `event_types` (List of String) The list of event types for the event notification rule.
- `name` (String) A name for the event notification rule. The name must be unique among the bucket's notification rules.
- `target_configuration` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The target configuration for the event notification rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--notification_rules--target_configuration))

Optional:

- `is_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the event notification rule is enabled.
- `object_name_prefix` (String) Specifies which object(s) in the bucket the event notification rule applies to.

Read-Only:

- `is_suspended` (Boolean) Whether the event notification rule is suspended.
- `suspension_reason` (String) A brief description of why the event notification rule was suspended.

<a id="nestedblock--notification_rules--target_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notification_rules.target_configuration`

Required:

- `target_type` (String) The type of the target configuration, currently "webhook" only.
- `url` (String) The URL for the webhook.

Optional:

- `custom_headers` (Block List, Max: 10) When present, additional header name/value pairs to be sent on the webhook invocation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--notification_rules--target_configuration--custom_headers))
- `hmac_sha256_signing_secret` (String, Sensitive) The signing secret for use in verifying the X-Bz-Event-Notification-Signature.

<a id="nestedblock--notification_rules--target_configuration--custom_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notification_rules.target_configuration.custom_headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the header.
- `value` (String) Value of the header.
