---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "b2_bucket_file_version Resource - terraform-provider-b2"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  B2 bucket file version resource.
---

# b2_bucket_file_version (Resource)

B2 bucket file version resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bucket_id` (String) The ID of the bucket.
- `file_name` (String) The name of the B2 file.
- `source` (String) Path to the local file.

### Optional

- `content_type` (String) Content type. If not set, it will be set based on the file extension.
- `file_info` (Map of String) The custom information that is uploaded with the file.
- `server_side_encryption` (Block List, Max: 1) Server-side encryption settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--server_side_encryption))

### Read-Only

- `action` (String) One of 'start', 'upload', 'hide', 'folder', or other values added in the future.
- `content_md5` (String) MD5 sum of the content.
- `content_sha1` (String) SHA1 hash of the content.
- `file_id` (String) The unique identifier for this version of this file.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `size` (Number) The file size.
- `upload_timestamp` (Number) This is a UTC time when this file was uploaded.

<a id="nestedblock--server_side_encryption"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server_side_encryption`

Optional:

- `algorithm` (String) Server-side encryption algorithm. AES256 is the only one supported.
- `key` (Block List, Max: 1) Key used in SSE-C mode. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--server_side_encryption--key))
- `mode` (String) Server-side encryption mode.

<a id="nestedblock--server_side_encryption--key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server_side_encryption.key`

Optional:

- `key_id` (String) Key identifier stored in file info metadata
- `secret_b64` (String, Sensitive) Secret key value, in standard Base 64 encoding (RFC 4648)
